Added documentation for --inject-packages option (#35)
product-science/docs: docs/ios/xcode.md

You can override the location of the backup directory by including the `--backup-dir` option with a custom directory path.

### Injecting package dependencies

> If your project depends on swift packages, you can inject them using `--inject-packages` option. With this option packages source code will be downloaded and added to the project as a local package dependency. This option also requires target or scheme name specified:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your project depends on Swift packages, you can inject them using the `--inject-packages` option. With this option, each package's source code will be downloaded and added to the project as a local package dependency. This option also requires that you specify either a target or a scheme name:
```
